URL: https://www.wargamer.com/pokemon-trading-card-game/how-many-pokemon-are-there
STATUS: ok

Main menu Warhammer 40k MTG D&D Board games About us
This guide focuses on the videogames - the source of all new Pokémon entering the Pokédex - but we also have loads of info on the Pokémon Trading Card Game , including a guide to the most expensive rare Pokémon cards .
Of those additional variants, there are 59 regional form Pokémon from the Galar, Hisui, Alola, and Paldea regions. These regional variant Pokémon have different typing, appearance, and abilities, to match the environments in which they live, such as the gorgeous white Vulpix of the Alola region.
The starting set - first introduced in Japan with 1996's initial Game Boy games, Pokémon Red and Green, and later the upgraded version Pokémon Yellow - includes the franchise's original Gen 1 Pokémon  roster of 151 critters. All the classics are here: Bulbasaur, Charmander, Squirtle, Jigglypuff, Snorlax, Mew, and, of course, Pikachu.
With the arrival of Pokémon Gold and Silver in 2000, we got a cool 100 more Gen 2  Pokémon . While they might not have the kudos of being in the original class, there are many famous names among them. Slowking was added as an evolved form of Slowpoke, Cleffa quickly became a staple of the TCG, and even the new starters, like Totodile, have their fans.
Five new Legendaries were introduced in this generation, including the trio of beasts Raikou, Entei, and Suicune, alongside 'guardian of the seas' Lugia, and 'guardian of the skies', Ho-Oh.
But it's through its eight new Legendaries that this generation really shines. The trio of golems Regice, Registeel, and Regirock were added, alongside the pair of birds Latias and Latios. Its three super-ancient, weather-specialist Pokémon - Groudon, Kyogre, and Rayquaza - quickly became fan favorites, too.
As for Legendaries, Generation IV added the trio of Lake Guardians Uxie, Azelf, and Mespirit, the creation trio Giratina, Palkia, and Dialga (all with vaguely metaphysical abilities), and standalones Cresselia, Heatran, and Regigigas. That makes for a total of nine.
The Gen 6 games, 2013's Pokémon X and Y, were the first to release on the Nintendo 3DS, and the first mainline Pokémon games with 3D graphics - but the pretty visuals also marked a shift toward lower monster turnout, with only 72 new Gen 6 Pokémon  joining the setting.
2016's Pokémon Sun and Moon kicked off the seventh generation and, continuing the trend of smaller rosters, only added 88 new Gen 7 Pokémon to the mix - though it added a bit more spice with 2018's Let's Go, Eevee! and Let's Go, Pikachu!, Switch based 3D remakes of Gen 1's Yellow version.
And this gen made up for the low Pokémon quantity with a good dollop of quality - there's no filler, all thriller in this Pokédex. Most notable is the disguise-wearing Mimikyu, and the incredibly weird Dhelmise, which is a ship's anchor and wheel, all wrapped together in seaweed.
Beginning Pokémon's fully Nintendo Switch based era, we got 96 new Gen 8 Pokémon . That includes 89 new species from the Galar region in the main games, 2019's Pokémon Sword and Shield, and 7 from the ancient Hisui region, explored in the 2022 experimental open-world RPG Pokémon Legends Arceus. There are some fetching additions: the cute, monkey-like Grookey, the electric-poison type Toxel, and the hilarious lump-creature that is Snom.
The latest batch of pocket monsters to grace our screens are the Gen 9 Pokémon - that's the 105 fresh 'Mons that appeared in Pokémon Scarlet and Violet on launch in November 2022, plus seven more added in September 2023's The Teal Mask DLC, and another eight from The Indigo Disk DLC when that dopped in December 2023.
There are eight Legendaries in this newest generation thus far. This includes Koraidon and Miraidon, the sleek lizards that are also your main way of getting around quickly in Paldea, plus four new 'Ruinous Pokémon': Wo-Chien, Chien-Pao, Ting-Lu, and the tiny, fiery fish Chi-Yu. Two of the Pokémon in the DLC, the mask-wearing Ogerpon and the crystal turtle Terapagos, are also Legendary.
Who knows how many new friends we'll meet in Gen X? For now there are just three confirmed Gen 10 Pokémon . Pombon is definitely a contender for the cutest Pokémon award, but there are fans of all three at Wargamer HQ. We look forward to updating this part of the guide with any and all new reveals!
Of the core 1,025 Pokémon, a total of 71 are Legendary. You can find out more about them in our guide to all the Legendary Pokèmon .
Raikou, Entei, Suicune, Ho-Oh, Lugia
Uxie, Azelf, Mespirit, Giratina, Palkia, Dialga, Cresselia, Heatran, Regigigas
As of 2026, there are 18 official Pokémon types - for a full, detailed breakdown check out our complete  Pokémon types guide, complete with a chart of matchups.
Remember that Pokémon types work a little differently in the Pokémon TCG, as some get rolled together and/or renamed for tabletop simplicity - for more info read our guide to Pokémon card types .
Squirtle
Hisuian Growlithe
Hisuian Arcanine
Hisuian Voltorb
Hisuian Electrode
Cyndaquil
Quilava
Hisuian Typhlosion
Hisuian Qwilfish
Hisuian Sneasel
Suicune
Luxio
Luxray
Buizel
Uxie
Hisuian Samurott
Tranquill
Hisuian Lilligant
Hisuian Zorua
Hisuian Zoroark
Vanilluxe
Hisuian Braviary
Quilladin
Hisuian Sliggoo
Hisuian Goodra
Avalugg Hisuian
Hisuian Decidueye
Bruxish
Corvisquire
When not pressing buttons at Wargamer HQ, you can often find him impatiently painting miniatures ; half-finishing strategy board games against himself; or drinking lager in the bath with a Horus Heresy audiobook playing. <