URL: https://www.ign.com/articles/pokemon-gen-10-winds-and-waves-every-pokemon-confirmed-so-far
STATUS: ok

Here's Every Pokémon Confirmed in Today's Winds and Waves Trailer - IGN Focus Reset Skip to content IGN Plus Home Search Reviews News Guides Interactive Maps Playlist Discover Store Rewards Videos Privacy Policy Terms of Use More News All News Columns PlayStation Xbox Nintendo PC Mobile Movies Television Comics Tech Reviews All Reviews Editor's Choice Game Reviews Movie Reviews TV Show Reviews Tech Reviews Discover World of Warcraft: Midnight Hub Percy Jackson World Guide Preorders Best Tech for Gaming Planet Pokemon Video Game Trailers Movie Trailers TV Trailers Kingdom Come Deliverance II Universal Studios Hollywood Hub Discover Universal Orlando Resort Upcoming Games Upcoming Movies Upcoming TV Shows Videos Original Shows Popular Trailers Gameplay All Videos Pokemon Waves Pokemon Winds Here's Every Pokémon Confirmed in Today's Winds and Waves Trailer Count 'em all. By  Tom Phillips Updated : Mar 1, 2026 12:12am UTC 5 comments The reveal of Pokémon Winds and Pokémon Waves for Nintendo Switch 2 has given us our first look at the franchise's long-awaited 10th generation of creatures — as well as many returning favorites. Below, we've rounded up every Pokémon species already confirmed to appear in the series' Gen 10 games — including its three new Starter Pokémon , the lovable Browt, Pombon and Gecqua . Those three were the only all-new species announced today, alongside a returning cast of several dozen familiar faces that you'll be catching, hatching and trading all over again. Today's first Pokémon Winds and Pokémon Waves trailer includes at least 28 species, which we've listed below. In brackets, we've also listed their accompanying evolutions (and in Pikachu's case, its baby species) as the inclusion of one Pokémon in a family typically means the inclusion of them all. If this continues to be the case, the number of species technically confirmed is already around 50 (and likely a few more than that, as each starter creature will almost certainly get two evolutions). For now, though, here's every Pokémon species we've seen in Pokémon Winds and Pokémon Waves with our own eyes: Pokémon Winds and Waves confirmed species list Pikachu (Pichu, Raichu) Oddish, Gloom (Vileplume, Bellossom) Krabby (Kingler) Tangela (Tangrowth) Ledyba, Ledian Slugma (Magcargo) Wingull (Pelipper) Taillow (Swellow) Wailmer, Wailord Duskull (Dusclops, Dusknoir) Corsola Mareanie, Toxapex Sandygast (Palossand) Tropius Carnivine Tympole (Palpitoad, Seismitoad) Nymble (Lokix) Sizzlipede (Centiskorch) Lumineon (Finneon) Frillish (Jellicent) Tynamo (Eelektrik, Eelektross) Browt Pombon Gecqua Pokémon Gen 10 Reveal: Over 40 Stills From the Winds & Waves Trailer View 41 Images Of course, Pokémon now has 1028 unique species (including today's new starter confirmations). Recent games have typically featured a large chunk of that in their Pokédex, though it's been some time since the last title that featured every single species. Add in costumed creatures, gender differences and other alternate forms, and quickly it becomes clear why no game has tried to cram everything in. Already Pokémon Winds and Pokémon Waves have introduced two new unique Pikachu, too, the improbably named Mr. Windychu and Ms. Wavychu. Yes, really. Why has Pokémon stopped including every species in each game? In a nutshell, The Pokémon Company has suggested that there are now just far too many to feature in every game, and balance against everything else. Add that's not even counting the many regional species variants, Mega Evolutions, Gigantamax forms and more now found throughout the franchise. Which species are you hoping to see return? Keep track on this every Pokémon in Winds and Waves guide , which will be updated as soon as any Winds and Waves news drops. And, which starter will you be picking? Already there's a wave of love for fire pooch Pombon , though also calls for it remain standing on four legs after it evolves . Tom Phillips is IGN's News Editor. You can reach Tom at tom_phillips@ign.com or find him on Bluesky @tomphillipseg.bsky.social IGN Logo Recommends Slay the Spire 2 Early Access Review So Far 15 War Machine Review 42 Dress to Impress Codes (March 2026) 263 In This Article Pokemon Waves Game Freak Initial Release: TBA 2027 Wishlist Related Guides Overview All Pokemon in Winds and Waves Confirmed So Far Winds and Waves Starter Pokemon Comments IGN Logo News • Reviews • Game Guides • Book Guides • How to Watch Guides • LEGO Set Reviews • Board Game Reviews • Planet Pokemon • IGN Store • Game Release Dates • Map Genie • Best Deals Today • Eurogamer • IGN YouTube • HowLongToBeat • Maxroll • VG247 • Rock Paper Shotgun • IGN TikTok • IGN on X • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use