URL: https://www.gosugamers.net/entertainment/news/78066-pokemon-winds-and-waves-new-region-seems-to-be-inspired-by-the-philippines-indonesia-and-malaysia
STATUS: ok

Pokémon Winds and Waves' new region seems to be inspired by the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia | GosuGamers gosugamers gosuentertainment gosubattles Games Articles Tournaments Matches Rankings Home / All News Pokémon Winds and Waves is coming out in 2027 (Image: the Pokémon company). Entertainment 4 days ago Anna Bernardo Share {" "} Pokémon Winds and Waves' new region seems to be inspired by the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia The SEAblings are on a roll! Pokémon fans from the Southeast Asian region have been abuzz since the reveal of Pokémon Winds and Waves , set to launch sometime in 2027 for Nintendo Switch 2. That’s because the newest game announced to be in development appears to be inspired by Southeast Asia. While the name of the new region hasn't been revealed yet, the announcement trailer showcased the world's design with clear inspirations from the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia. Rice terraces, Mangroves, and Southeast Asian architecture featured in Pokemon Winds and Waves Some Southeast Asian fans were quick to spot similarities from their regions, like content creator Sevy, who shared screenshots of islands and small houses on stilts found in Culion, Palawan, Philippines, among others on X (formerly Twitter). Houses on stilts with walkways are often associated with the Maldives, but some islands in the Philippines and Indonesia have also built similar structures for island resorts. Mangroves were also spotted in the trailer, which fits thematically because, according to studies , Southeast Asia is home to around 35% of the world’s mangroves, with Indonesia having the largest mangrove area (29%). Malaysia’s Borneo island, Myanmar, the Philippines, Thailand, and Vietnam also have significant mangrove forests. Mangroves were also showcased in the trailer of Pokémon Winds and Waves. Southeast Asia is home to around 35% of the world’s mangroves. However, one of the things that got people talking were the rice terraces showcased in the trailer. Many viewers believe these closely resemble the Banaue Rice Terraces in Ifugao, located in the Cordillera region of the Philippines, which were carved into the mountains more than 2,000 years ago.  These look a bit like the Banaue Rice Terraces in the Philippines. Created as a sophisticated irrigation system that works in harmony with the surrounding landscape, the terraces form striking step-like patterns across the slopes. They remain in active use today and hold UNESCO World Heritage status, and are often referred to as the “eighth wonder of the world”. It is also worth noting that other Southeast Asian countries like Vietnam have similar rice terraces in parts of the country, such as Sa Pa and Ha Giang. Others on Reddit have also speculated that the new region could be based on Oceania because of the animals the starter Pokémon may have been based on, with Grout said to have been inspired by the New Zealand kākāpō, and Gecqua most likely based on a gecko, although geckos are extremely common in Southeast Asia as well. However, because of the alleged map leaks and other features revealed in the trailer, many disagreed with the original poster. StormOther6853 specifically pointed out the Southeast Asian architecture prevalent in the structures showcased in the trailer, with some buildings resembling huts found in the region, similar to the Rumai Honai in Indonesia, or the Bahay Kubo in the Philippines. Speculation around the next game (now revealed as Pokémon Winds and Waves) being set in Southeast Asia began back in October, when alleged leaks of the game’s map started circulating online : The shapes of the islands on the map suspiciously resemble the Indonesian islands, the Malaysian Peninsula, and a slightly warped version of Mindanao, one of the major islands in the Philippines. This image came alongside several other leaks, that are also said to have revealed a potential MMO project and another Legends game. Pokémon Winds and Waves will be released sometime in 2027. Author Anna Bernardo Related Articles Entertainment Diablo IV x Doom The Dark Ages crossover announced for 11 March Entertainment Helldivers 2 devs and Sony condemn death threats after D10 Dev Challenge charity event spirals Entertainment Monster Hunter Stories 3 Twisted Reflection trailer, bonus unlocks, and DLC details revealed Entertainment Nintendo says U.S. government had no permission to use Pokémon Pokopia for political memes Entertainment The Sims 4 Maker Programme and Marketplace drew backlash over predatory monetisation General Genshin Impact reveals Linnea as next playable character Data will be updated soon Data will be updated soon Top headlines Blizzard confirms Overwatch x Project YoRHa, a NieR Automata collaboration coming this March Marvel Rivals teases playable White Fox and Black Cat, launching in Season 7 Resident Evil Requiem has sold five million units worldwide, breaking franchise records for Capcom MapleStory Classic World opens registration for Closed Online Test on 10 March Review: Lost and Found Co. is a cosy hidden object game that makes clutter feel comforting Apex Legends x Gundam collaboration announced for 11 March