URL: https://www.eurogamer.net/pokemon-sword-shield-gigantamax-pokemon-g-max-moves-possible-gigantamax-locations-6017
STATUS: ok

Pokémon Sword and Shield Gigantamax Pokémon explained - including G-Max moves and possible Gigantamax locations explained | Eurogamer.net
Skip to main content
2026 Release Schedule
Pokopia Habitat Dex
Pokopia Comfort Levels
RE Requiem Mr Raccoon Locations
RE Requiem Final Puzzle
Roblox Abyss codes
Supporters only
Deals
Buy eShop codes
Eurogamer.net
Go
Support us
Sign in / Create account
Latest
PC
PlayStation
Xbox
Nintendo
Tech
News
Reviews
Videos
Features
Guides
If you click on a link and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. Read our editorial policy .
Home
Guides
Pokémon Sword and Shield
Pokémon Sword and Shield Gigantamax Pokémon explained - including G-Max moves and possible Gigantamax locations explained
Everything you need to know about Gigantamax Pokémon in Pokémon Sword and Shield.
Guide
by Lottie Lynn
Guides Editor
Updated on March 26, 2020
Follow Pokémon Sword and Shield
Gigantamax Pokémon are special Pokémon that, when they Dynamax in Pokémon Sword and Shield , have their appearance completely changed.
Each Gigantamax Pokémon also has its own, unique, G-Max move , which it can use to turn the battle in its favour.
Even though Pokémon with the Gigantamax Factor are incredibly rare, some do have specific locations in the Wild Area where they have a higher chance of appearing.
On this page:
What are Gigantamax Pokémon Sword and Shield?
What are limited release Gigantamax Pokémon in Pokémon Sword and Shield?
Which Gigantamax Pokémon are available in Max Raids?
Which Pokémon have the Gigantamax Factor in Pokémon Sword and Shield?
How to find Gigantamax Pokémon in the Wild Area in Pokémon Sword and Shield
Gigantamax Pokémon locations in the Wild Area in Pokémon Sword and Shield
Gigantamax Pokémon you can receive in Pokémon Sword and Shield
G-Max Moves in Pokémon Sword and Shield explained
What are Gigantamax Pokémon Sword and Shield?
Gigantamax Pokémon are Pokémon that, when they Dynamax , not only grow in size, but change form completely.
Your Alcremie, for example, will go from being a cute little blob of sentient cream to a towering cake monstrosity.
Only a specific list of Pokémon have the ability to Gigantamax. You'll know if you've caught a Pokémon with the Gigantamax factor, because, when you look at its summary, there will be a special red X symbol between its name and the picture of the Poké Ball it lives in.
If a Pokémon has a red X, then it has the ability to Gigantamax.
Due to this each Gigantamax form has its own entry in the Pokédex, through, thankfully, these entries are not required for completing the Pokédex.
Like Dynamaxing, Gigantamaxing will only last for three turns, but the Gigantamax Pokémon will also be able to use a unique move, called a G-Max move, that have a number of special effects.
Finally, it's important to note that, while you can breed Pokémon that have the Gigantamax factor with other Pokémon, both Gigantamax and not, the baby Pokémon they create won't be able to Gigantamax.
Sadly, you can't breed your Gigantamax Pokémon army.
What are limited release Gigantamax Pokémon in Pokémon Sword and Shield?
Limited release Gigantamax Pokémon are special Gigantamax Pokémon that aren't usually available in the games and only appear during specific dates.
Instead of being able to track them down in the Wild Area , you'll have to wait for them to be added to the spawn table.
You can regularly update your Wild Area spawn table by connecting your Nintendo Switch to the Internet or by getting the latest Wild Area new via the Mystery Gift function.
These special Gigantamax Pokémon will never be locked behind any difficulty ranking, which means you don't need the eighth gym badge to battle them.
Which Gigantamax Pokémon are available in Max Raids?
Currently, there is only one limited release Gigantmax Pokémon available:
Gigantamax Toxtricity - Thursday 6th February to Sunday 8th March
Which Pokémon have the Gigantamax Factor in Pokémon Sword and Shield?
Here is a complete list of all the Pokémon that currently have the ability to Gigantamax in Pokémon Sword and Shield in order of their national Pokédex number:
National Pokédex Number Gigantamax Pokémon Location
6 Charizard Pokémon Dens and trained from the Charmander Leon gifts you in the post-game
12 Butterfree Pokémon Dens
25 Pikachu Let's Go Pikachu reward found in the Wild Area train station
52 Meowth Free gift Meowth from early purchases obtained via Mystery Gift
68 Machamp Pokémon Dens
94 Gengar Pokémon Dens
99 Kingler Pokémon Dens
131 Lapras Pokémon Dens
133 Eevee Let's Go Eevee reward found in the Wild Area train station
143 Snorlax Limited release Gigantamax Pokémon between Wednesday 4th December to early January 2020
569 Garbodor Pokémon Dens
823 Corviknight Pokémon Dens
826 Orbeetle Pokémon Dens
834 Drednaw Pokémon Dens
839 Coalossal Pokémon Dens
841 Flapple Pokémon Dens
842 Appletun Pokémon Dens
844 Sandaconda Pokémon Dens
849 Toxtricity Limited release Gigantamax Pokémon between Thursday 6th February to Sunday 8th March
851 Centiskorch Pokémon Dens
858 Hatterene Pokémon Dens
861 Grimmsnarl Pokémon Dens
869 Alcremie Pokémon Dens
879 Copperajah Pokémon Dens
884 Duraludon Pokémon Dens
With the announcement of the Pokémon Sword and Shield Expansion Pass , also came the reveal of a new selection of Gigantamax Pokémon. These Pokémon will be released as part of the DLC.
There are the upcoming Gigantamax Pokémon we know about so far:
Rillaboom - G-Max Drum Solo
Cinderace - G-Max Fireball
Inteleon - G-Max Hydrosnipe
Urshifua
How to find Gigantamax Pokémon in the Wild Area in Pokémon Sword and Shield
Pokémon with the Gigantamax factor are incredibly rare and can only be found in five-star Max Raids, which occur in the Wild Area .
Five-star Max Raids will only start appearing once you earn the Dragon Badge, the eighth and last gym badge in Pokémon Sword and Shield. These raids are usually marked by having a pillar of swirling, dark purple, energy emerging from the Pokémon Den, though can appear in Dens with light red pillars too.
After you've defeated all the Galar gym leaders - it's time to go Gigantamax hunting!
Be prepared for this to be a long hunt, because, without boosted spawn rates, there is only a 5% chance of a Gigantamax Pokémon making an appearance.
Look for the Pokémon Den's with the swirling purple energy.
You can increase your chances of encountering a Gigantamax Pokémon by using a Wishing Piece on a Pokémon Den. This will attract with a Dynamax or Gigantamax Pokémon to that Pokémon Den.
Just remember - while you can use as many Wishing Pieces as you like each day, if you use a piece on a Pokémon Den that already has a Pokémon in it, this will force that current Pokémon out. If you want to fight that Pokémon, make sure you do it before using a Wishing Piece.
It's also a good idea to defeat all the Pokémon in every Den each day. If you do this, the Dens will reset and your chance of encountering a rare Pokémon will increase.
Finally, using the Wild Area News function in Mystery Gift will update your Pokémon Den spawn tables. This will give you a chance of encountering a Gigantamax Pokémon that is only available for a limited time.
Occasionally this will also increase the likelihood of a certain Gigantamax Pokémon appearing. When this happens, this Gigantamax Pokémon will be removed from the five-star / eighth badge restriction, giving any player the chance to hunt down this rare Pokémon.
Gigantamax Pokémon locations in the Wild Area in Pokémon Sword and Shield
Each Gigantamax Pokémon can only be found in a specific Pokémon Den in the Wild Area.
Visiting one of these Dens does not guarantee you an encounter with a Gigantamax Pokémon, but, if you are after a specific Gigantamax Pokémon, then it's a good idea to know which Den they can appear in. That way you know where to toss your Wishing Pieces.
Below you'll find a list of the Gigantamax Pokémon and the location of their specific Pokémon Dens within the Wild Area:
Pokémon Location of Pokémon Den
Alcremie Bridge Field
Appletun Dappled Grove (only in Pokémon Shield)
Butterfree Rolling Fields - two separate locations
Centiskorch Stony Wilderness
Charizard Lake of Outrage
Coalossal Giant's Seat (only in Pokémon Sword)
Copperajah Stony Wilderness
Corviknight Giant's Cap
Drednaw Giant's Cap
Duraludon Giant's Seat
Flapple Dappled Grove (only in Pokémon Sword)
Garbodor East Lake Axewell
Gengar Stony Wilderness (in Pokémon Shield)
Grimmsnarl Dusty Bowl
Hatterene Bridge Field
Kingler West Lake Axewell South Lake Miloch
Lapras Giant's Seat (only in Pokémon Shield)
Machamp Stony Wilderness (in Pokémon Sword)
Orbeetle Bridge Field Dappled Grove
Sandaconda Dusty Bowl - two separate locations
Gigantamax Pokémon you can receive in Pokémon Sword and Shield
Throughout your travels in the Galar region, you will be gifted a couple of Pokémon that have the Gigantamax factor.
The first requires you to have a saved file for either Pokémon: Let's Go Pikachu! or Let's Go Eevee!
When you reach the Meetup Spot in the Wild Area, you'll be able to find two people who will give you either a Pikachu or Eevee depending on which version of the game you played.
Both Pikachu and Eevee have the Gigantamax factor.
After you've completed the main storyline of the game, you should return to Leon and Hop's home in Postwick.
Head upstairs to Leon's room and, in the middle of the floor, you'll find a Poké Ball containing a Charmander.
Train this Charmander and, once it's evolved into Charizard, you'll be able to use Gigantamax Charizard.
Finally, you'll occasionally be able to download certain Gigantamax Pokémon through Mystery Gift .
This includes Pokémon like Gigantamax Meowth , which was downloadable between Friday November 15th 2019 to Wednesday 15h January 2020.
With it finally in the wild, here's how to start the Crown Tundra DLC and our full Pokémon Crown Tundra walkthrough . Plus, here's how to catch Calyrex, Glastrier and Spectrier , the Regieleki and Regidrago puzzle solution and Regirock, Regice, Registeel locations , details on how to catch Legendary Birds Articuno, Zapdos and Moltres in the Crown Tundra , the Ultra Beasts and Necrozma adventure , Dynamax Adventures , including the legendries you can catch on these adventures, and the new Crown Tundra Pokédex and returning Pokémon explained. For Isle of Armor players, here's how to find the Slowpoke , where to find Max Mushroom locations , and how to get Kubfu, become best friends and evolve it , plus all Diglett locations too !
For the base game, here's info on the ability to transfer Pokémon to Pokémon Home , the Wild Area , lists of all TM locations and TRs , all Galarian forms and finally our main Pokémon Sword and Shield walkthrough for the whole game.
G-Max Moves in Pokémon Sword and Shield explained
G-Max moves are special moves that can only be used by Gigantamax Pokémon when they're in their Gigantamax form.
Each Gigantamax Pokémon has their own G-Max, which has a variety of effects. This can be anything from changing the battlefield to healing certain status conditions.
Below you'll find a list of all the current Gigantamax Pokémon and their G-Max moves in Pokémon Sword and Shield:
Pokémon Move Name Type Effect
Alcremie G-Max Finale Fairy Restores 1/6 of ally Pokémon's health.
Appletun G-Max Sweetness Grass Heals the status conditions of all ally Pokémon.
Butterfree G-Max Befuddle Bug Inflicts either poison, paralysis or sleep status conditions on all opposing Pokémon.
Centiskorch G-Max Centiferno Fire Inflicts damage equal to 1/8 of opponent's max HP for 4 to 5 turns. Opponents can't flee or be switched out of battle.
Charizard G-Max Wildfire Fire Damages all non-fire-type opponents equal to 1/6 max HP for 4 turns.
Coalossal G-Max Volcalith Rock Damages all non-rock-type opponents equal to 1/6 max HP for 4 turns.
Copperajah G-Max Steelsurge Steel Releases rocks that will damage Pokémon as they're released on the opponents side. Move is subjective to the strengths and weaknesses of steel-type Pokémon.
Corviknight G-Max Wind Rage Flying Nullifies, on the opponent's side, Aurora Veil, Light Screen, Mist, Reflect and Safeguard. Nullifies, on both sides of the battlefield, Spikes, Stealth Rock, Sticky Web and Toxic Spikes.
Drednaw G-Max Stonesurge Water Releases rocks that will damage Pokémon as they're released on the opponents side. Move is subjective to the strengths and weaknesses of rock-type Pokémon.
Duraludon G-Max Depletion Dragon Reduces the PP of the moves used by all opposing Pokémon by 2.
Eevee G-Max Cuddle Normal Every opponent becomes infatuated with Eevee, which causes them to fail 50% of the time.
Flapple G-Max Tartness Grass Opponent's evasiveness decreases by 1 stage.
Garbodor G-Max Malodor Poison Inflicts poison on all opposing Pokémon.
Gengar G-Max Terror Ghost Prevent opponent's from fleeing or switching out during Pokémon battle.
Grimmsnarl G-Max Snooze Dark Unless target switches out, sleep status will be inflicted upon them by the under of the next turn.
Hatterene G-Max Smite Fairy All opposing Pokémon confused.
Kingler G-Max Foam Burst Water Decreases opponent's Speed by 2 stages.
Lapras G-Max Resonance Ice Reduces damage from physical and special moves for 5 turns.
Machamp G-Max Chi Strike Fighting Increases critical hit rates of ally Pokémon by 2 stages.
Meowth G-Max Gold Rush Normal Makes all opponent's confused. Increases the payout at the end of the battle, depending on both the user's level and the number of time, up to three, the move was used: First use: £100 x level Second use: £200 x level Third use: £300 x level
Orbeetle G-Max Gravitas Psychic All of the following effects last for five turns. Airborne Pokémon are grounded. Ground-type move now hit Pokémon, which are normally immune to them. Prevents use of Bounce, Fly, Flying Press, High Jump Kick, Magnet Rise and Splash. Raises accuarcy of all Pokémonin battle.
Pikachu G-Max Volt Crash Electric Inflicts paralysis on all opposing Pokémon.
Sandaconda G-Max Sandblast Ground Damage equal to 1/8 of max HP to all opponents at the end of 4 to 5 turns. Opponents cannot flee or be switched out during these turns.
Snorlax G-Max Replenish Normal Restores any berries that Snorlax or its allies have consumed in battle
Toxtricity G-Max Stun Shock Electric / Poison Damages opponent with a chance of either poisoning or paralysing them
We also have a guide on Dynamax Pokémon , which you might find useful.
Read this next
Pokémon Sword and Shield will receive final update next month
Pokémon Go getting Sword and Shield's Ball Guy
Pokémon's new Tarzan-inspired movie hits Netflix next month
Lottie Lynn is Eurogamer's Guides Editor. She likes exploring new games and still has nightmares about the moon from Majora's Mask.
View comments (0)
In this article
Pokémon Sword and Shield
Video Game
Follow
Related topics
Nintendo Switch
RPG
Story Rich
Sign in and unlock a world of features
Get access to commenting, personalised reading recommendations, newsletters, and more!
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Twitter
Sign in with Reddit
Sign in with email
Latest On Pokémon Sword and Shield
Opinion |
Pokémon games have become consistently ugly, and it's alright to wish they weren't
Deals |
Pokémon Day 2023: The best Pokémon game deals
Feature |
A Pokémon Champion's quest to master the unmasterable
Feature |
The video game mop-up: solution to all of life's problems
Pokémon Home transferring guide, how to transfer from Pokémon Go, Legends Arceus, Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl explained
Pokémon Home version 2.0 compatible games, free vs premium features and price explained
Pokémon Sword Shield, Let's Go save bonuses in Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl explained
Feature |
Inside PokémonMaxRaids, the kindest community on the internet
Latest News
Slay the Spire 2's launch has been so incredibly successful, the studio had to apologise for a joke about Marathon that now "seems a bit meaner than it was intended"
Mario Kart World fans are getting their hopes up for a return of a much-loved Battle mode, after Nintendo releases then swiftly removes accidental teaser image
"We are providing guidance to developers" - Discord promises a fix and "additional protections" following discovery of Arc Raiders bug that stored users' private messages
The Super Mario Galaxy Movie Nintendo Direct announced, with new artwork hailing the return of some unexpected names
Artist whose work was used in Marathon without permission now has a credit in the game
Blizzard is changing the pace of levelling in Diablo 4 for the Lord of Hatred expansion
Unsurprisingly, The Pokémon Company isn't a fan of the White House's use of a Pokopia meme for political means
Latest Guides
How to open Area Gates and raise Trainer Rank in Pokémon Pokopia
How to get Leaves in Pokémon Pokopia
Character Customisation in Pokémon Pokopia explained
Pokémon Pokopia Time to party! walkthrough
Can you time travel in Pokémon Pokopia?
How to increase Humidity in Pokémon Pokopia
How the Stamp Rally works in Pokémon Pokopia
Top Discussions
Xbox boss says Microsoft's next-gen console, Project Helix, can play both "your Xbox and PC games" and will "lead in performance"
172
"We don't want to mislead players" - Control Resonant devs confirm Jesse Faden won't be playable, there's no parry, and it's definitely not a Soulslike
67
Call of Duty co-founder claims Activision put "very awkward pressure" on Infinity Ward to make a game about Iran invading Israel
48
MindsEye developer Build A Rocket Boy's co-CEO blames "organised espionage and corporate sabotage" again, while announcing new wave of layoffs
41
Marathon promises to avoid stressful FOMO-inducing battle passes, and that there's "no pay for power" microtransactions
33
The United States' National Videogame Museum has acquired the "mythical" Nintendo PlayStation which led to the PS1's creation
31
Capcom's astronaut and small girl-starring Pragmata gets yet another new release date
26
© 2026 Eurogamer.net a brand of IGN Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Eurogamer is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited.
Theme
Auto
Light
Dark
Helpful links
About Us
Advertise with us
Archive
Authors
Contact Us
Corporate Site
Interactive Maps
Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Policies
Accessibility Policy
Code of Conduct
Cookie Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Editorial Policy
Privacy Policy
Review Policy
Terms & Conditions
Withdraw consent & manage privacy preferences
IGN Entertainment
Dicebreaker
GamesIndustry.biz
HowLongToBeat
Humble Bundle
IGN
Maxroll
Nintendo Life
Planet Pokémon
Pure Xbox
Push Square
Rock Paper Shotgun
Time Extension
VG247
Across Europe
Eurogamer.de
Eurogamer.es
Eurogamer.pl
Eurogamer.pt
Find us on social media
BlueSky
Discord
Facebook
TikTok
X (Twitter)
YouTube