URL: https://www.ign.com/articles/all-pokemon-games-on-nintendo-switch
STATUS: ok

Every Pokémon Game on the Nintendo Switch and Switch 2 in 2026 Focus Reset Skip to content IGN Plus Home Search Reviews News Guides Interactive Maps Playlist Discover Store Rewards Videos Privacy Policy Terms of Use More News All News Columns PlayStation Xbox Nintendo PC Mobile Movies Television Comics Tech Reviews All Reviews Editor's Choice Game Reviews Movie Reviews TV Show Reviews Tech Reviews Discover World of Warcraft: Midnight Hub Percy Jackson World Guide Preorders Best Tech for Gaming Planet Pokemon Video Game Trailers Movie Trailers TV Trailers Kingdom Come Deliverance II Universal Studios Hollywood Hub Discover Universal Orlando Resort Upcoming Games Upcoming Movies Upcoming TV Shows Videos Original Shows Popular Trailers Gameplay All Videos If you buy through our links, IGN may earn an affiliate commission. Learn more . Every Pokémon Game on the Nintendo Switch and Switch 2 in 2026 And what's coming to Switch 2. By  Noah Hunter Updated : Feb 27, 2026 3:48pm UTC 59 comments Often cited as one of the world's most valuable media franchises, Pokémon is a household name that's been a Nintendo staple since the Game Boy. The beloved series is home to hundreds of amazing creatures you can catch in-game or collect as trading cards , with each new generation bringing loads more to discover. Every console released by Nintendo has had plenty of Pokémon games released for it, and the Nintendo Switch is no exception. Pokémon Day brought tons of new announcements about what's next for the franchise. Below, we've compiled every Pokémon game that has been released on Nintendo Switch and the information we have on a number of upcoming Pokémon games releasing on the Switch 2. How Many Pokémon Games Are There on Nintendo Switch? In total, 13 Pokémon games have been released for the Nintendo Switch . This includes the mainline games for the 8th and 9th Pokémon generations as well as plenty of spinoffs. For the sake of this list, we've counted mainline entries with two versions as a single release. We also don't include the Pokémon games offered through Nintendo Switch Online , but you can check out that list below. Pokémon™ Legends: Z-A - Nintendo Switch 17 See it at Amazon Pokémon Violet 10 See it at Amazon Pokémon Legends: Arceus 10 See it at Amazon Pokémon Shining Pearl 10 See it at Amazon Pokémon Sword 15 See it at Amazon Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! 13 See it at Amazon All Pokémon Games on Nintendo Switch (in Release Order) Pokkén Tournament DX (2017) Pokkén Tournament was originally released for the Wii U in 2016. A year later, Nintendo and Bandai Namco prepared a deluxe version of the game for Nintendo Switch, adding new characters and updated visuals to take advantage of better hardware. This three-on-three battle system is a blast to play with friends both in person and online. Pokkén Tournament DX - Nintendo Switch 32 See it at Best Buy Pokémon Quest (2018) Pokémon Quest turns all your favorite Pokémon into miniature cube form. This free-to-play Switch game features a fun and simple combat system where you send Pokémon on expeditions. Equip different abilities to your Pokémon to handle all types of encounters. Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! & Let's Go, Eevee! (2018) Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! & Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee! are remakes of the beloved 1998 Pokémon Yellow . These titles were the first mainline Pokémon games ever to release on a home console, since none made it to the Wii U. Set in the Kanto region, all 151 original Pokémon appear with varying forms from previous mainline installments. With heavy accessibility features, these remakes were a great first step for the series on Nintendo Switch for newcomers and veterans of the series. Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee! - Switch 44 $59.99 save 13% $51.99 at Walmart Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! - Switch 57 $48.79 save 0% $48.79 at Walmart Pokémon Sword & Shield (2019) Pokémon Sword & Shield marked the first installment in the series to feature aspects of an open world. Dubbed the Wild Areas, these regions allowed for free traversal and battles with wild Pokémon. Gyms also made a return for the first time since X & Y. Additionally, Sword & Shield introduced the eigth generation of Pokémon, which included Dynamax and Gigantamax forms of previous Pokémon. Pokémon Sword - Nintendo Switch 52 See it at Amazon Pokémon Shield - Nintendo Switch 27 See it at Amazon Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Rescue Team DX (2020) Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Rescue Team DX is a remake of the 2005 titles Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team & Blue Rescue Team. Surprisingly, this is the first Pokémon spinoff remake ever, with development handled by Spike Chunsoft. The gameplay consists of completing jobs in different dungeons and unlocking new Pokémon along the way. Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Rescue Team DX - Nintendo Switch 17 See it at Amazon Pokémon Café ReMix (2020) The other Pokémon release of 2020 was Pokémon Café ReMix featuring similar gameplay to other puzzle games like Disney Tsum Tsum, which requires you to connect Pokémon together to solve puzzles. In Pokémon Café ReMix, you and Eevee own a café and must serve the Pokémon who come for food or a little drink. This charming service game is free-to-play via the Nintendo eShop. New Pokémon Snap (2021) After more than 20 years, the Nintendo Switch is the console that finally received a sequel to Pokémon Snap . Developed by Bandai Namco, you traverse around different biomes and areas with an on-rails camera to capture pictures Pokémon in the wild. You can unlock new courses by taking good pictures in New Pokémon Snap , leaving for a sizeable amount of content to unlock and discover. You never know what you might find during each session! New Pokémon Snap - Nintendo Switch 19 See it at Amazon Pokémon Unite (2021) This free-to-play game marked Pokémon's first entry into the MOBA genre. You command and control a team of five Pokémon in head-to-head battles against other players online. There's a solid amount of Pokémon to choose from, so you can adjust your team to best fit your needs. Pokémon Unite went on to be featured in different esports tournaments, with multiple championships held for the game. Pokémon Brilliant Diamond & Shining Pearl (2021) Pokémon Brilliant Diamond & Pokémon Shining Pear l are remakes of Pokémon Diamond & Pearl, which originally released in 2006 for the Nintendo DS . As the fourth generation of Pokémon, Diamond & Pearl feature a wide variety of Pokémon to battle against and discover. The remakes feature a new chibi art style that was created to stay faithful to the original titles while still remaining fresh. Pokémon Brilliant Diamond & Pokémon Shining Pearl Double Pack - Nintendo Switch 24 See it at Amazon Pokémon Legends: Arceus (2022) Pokémon Legends: Arceus is often praised as one of the best Pokémon games available on the Switch. This original title takes place far in the past, somewhere in the Hisui region. With a focus on exploration, you can freely walk all around the map to capture Pokémon, explore different environments, and so much more. Pokémon can be spotted wandering around all over the map, which requires you to be strategic if you're looking to avoid battle. Out Now Pokemon Legends: Arceus for Switch 40 See it at Amazon Pokémon Scarlet & Violet (2022) The latest mainline Pokémon games officially kicked off Generation 9, bringing along an entire new approach to gameplay and world design. In Pokémon Scarlet & Violet , an open world awaits with freedom to explore wherever your heart takes you. The DLC pass, titled The Hidden Treasure of Area Zero, is now wrapped up, making it a perfect time to check out Scarlet & Violet. Note: Pokémon Scarlet & Violet will be recieving free updates to improve playability on the Switch 2. Pokémon Scarlet & Violet - Nintendo Switch 33 See it at Amazon Detective Pikachu Returns (2023) One game and one movie later, the sequel to Detective Pikachu is finally available on Nintendo Switch. Tim's father is missing, and it's up to Detective Pikachu to solve the case! This sequel features new puzzles and investigations, where you can investigate scenes and use your notebook to get to the bottom of the mystery. If you're a fan of both Pokémon and mystery games, this is a great game to consider. Detective Pikachu Returns - Nintendo Switch 23 See it at Amazon Pokemon Legends: Z-A (2025) Pokémon Legends: Z-A is the most recent release in the series, launching on both Switch systems on October 16. Rebekah Valentine's review for IGN marks a significant shift from the downfalls of the previous generation, describing that "what elevates Lumiose City far above the much larger overworld of Scarlet and Violet is that it’s dense with interesting landmarks, items, obstacle courses, stores, Wild Zones, shops, and people." The game takes place in the French-inspired Lumiose City, with familiar starters in Tepig, Chikorita, and Totodile, all of which get new Mega Evolutions . A big change in this game is the combat system, which introduces more real-time action . Nintendo Switch 2 Pokemon Legends: Z-A - Switch 2 Edition 3 $69.99 at Amazon Available Pokémon Games With Nintendo Switch Online + Expansion Pack The Nintendo Switch Online subscription service has even more options if you're looking for more. Here are the Pokémon games you can play with a Nintendo Switch Online + Expansion Pack membership : Pokémon Trading Card Game (GameBoy Color) Pokémon Mystery Dungeon - Red Rescue Team (GameBoy Advance) Pokémon Snap (N64) Pokémon Puzzle League (N64) Pokémon Stadium (N64) Pokémon Stadium 2 (N64) Pokémon Coloseum (GameCube) Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness (GameCube) Pokemon: All Mainline Games Here are all the mainline Pokemon games, spanning nine generations of RPGs and monster catching. See All Pokemon Red Version Nintendo Pokemon Green Version Game Freak Pokemon Blue Version Nintendo Pokemon Yellow: Special Pikachu Edition Nintendo Pokemon Gold Version Nintendo Pokemon Silver Version Nintendo Pokemon Crystal Version Nintendo Pokemon Ruby Version Game Freak Pokemon Sapphire Version Game Freak Pokemon FireRed Version Game Freak Upcoming Pokémon Games on Nintendo Switch Pokémon Day 2026 as well as Pokémon's 30th anniversary have brought tons of new game announcements. Here's what upcoming games are confirmed for Nintendo Switch and Switch 2: Pokémon Pokopia While we may not be getting a new Animal Crossing game (yet), Nintendo announced a new Pokémon spin-off game that looks pretty darn similar. Pokémon Pokopia makes you a Ditto with a human appearance, who must work and learn from local Pokémon to build a new community on a small island. The game is set to launch on Switch 2 on March 5, 2026 , and you can learn more about what to expect from our hands-on preview . Gen 10: Pokémon Winds and Waves While there may have been some leaks ahead of time, The Pokémon Company officially confirmed the existence of the next mainline Pokémon games, Winds and Waves , on Pokémon Day 2026 . Our first teaser certainly seems to indicate a long-hoped for graphical update, and went right on ahead to reveal the Gen 10 starters : Pombon, Gecqua, and Browt. The teaser also clarified that the next mainline Pokémon games will be releasing for Switch 2 in 2027, marking a full five years since Gen 9. Pokémon Champions Yep, there's more. Game Freak and The Pokémon Company have also announced Pokémon Champions , a new battle game in the spirit of Pokemon Showdown. Coming to Switch in April 2026, you'll be able to battle with Pokémon you've trained in other games through the Pokémon Home app . Looking for more Nintendo Switch games ? Check out these guides: Every Mario Game on the Switch Every Zelda Game on Switch The Best Disney Games on Switch The Best Free Nintendo Switch Games Noah Hunter is a freelance writer and reviewer with a passion for games and technology. He co-founded Final Weapon, an outlet focused on nonsense-free Japanese gaming (in 2019) and has contributed to various publishers writing about the medium. IGN Logo Recommends Slay the Spire 2 Early Access Review So Far 15 War Machine Review 42 Dress to Impress Codes (March 2026) 263 In This Article Detective Pikachu Creatures Initial Release: Feb 3, 2016 Rate this game Related Guides Overview Walkthrough Comments IGN Logo News • Reviews • Game Guides • Book Guides • How to Watch Guides • LEGO Set Reviews • Board Game Reviews • Planet Pokemon • IGN Store • Game Release Dates • Map Genie • Best Deals Today • Eurogamer • IGN YouTube • HowLongToBeat • Maxroll • VG247 • Rock Paper Shotgun • IGN TikTok • IGN on X • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use