URL: https://screenrant.com/paradox-pokemon-violet-exclusives-complete-list-pokedex/
STATUS: ok

Every Paradox Pokémon In Pokémon Violet
Menu
Sign in
Sign in now
Close
Movies
Submenu
Movie Features
Movie News
Movie Reviews
Movie Lists
Movie Trailers
TV
Submenu
TV Features
TV News
TV Reviews
Network TV
TV Lists
Reality TV
Submenu
Reality TV Features
Reality TV News
Reality TV Lists
Gaming
Submenu
Game Features
Game News
Game Guides
Game Reviews
Game Lists
Comics
Submenu
Comic Features
Comic News
Comic Reviews
Comic Lists
Anime
Submenu
Anime Features
Anime News
Anime Lists
Music
Submenu
Music Features
Music Lists
Network TV Schedule
Videos
Entertainment & Politics
More
Submenu
Lists
Interviews
Podcasts
Sign in
Newsletter
Array
Copyright © 2026 screenrant.com
-->
Menu
Follow
Followed
Like
More Action
Sign in
Sign in now
Awards Season
Spring Movie Preview
Spring TV Preview
Exclusives
Best on Streaming
SR Database
Network TV Schedule
Close
Every Paradox Pokémon In Pokémon Violet
Image of Miraidon, Iron Hands, and Iron Jugulis
By
Fletcher Varnson
Published Nov 21, 2022, 9:45 AM EST
Fletcher Varnson is a writer for Screen Rant, where he covers video games. He also writes for the Georgia Voice, where he covers LGBTQ+ literature, cinema, and news, has contributed poetry to the film journal Day For Night, and has written the podcast for the Five Points Literary Journal. Born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia with 5 brothers and sisters, Fletcher developed a passion for books, movies, and games and their ability to connect people with disparate dispositions from disparate backgrounds. He has a special affinity for the Super Smash Brothers series; despite this, his Yoshi is still quite terrible.
Sign in to your ScreenRant account
Add Us On
follow
Follow
followed
Followed
Like
Like
Log in
Here is a fact-based summary of the story contents:
Try something different:
Show me the facts
Explain it like I’m 5
Give me a lighthearted recap
Pokémon Scarlet and Violet have introduced a brand-new class of pocket monsters to the series: Paradox Pokémon. Existing somewhere between Ultra Beasts and regional variants, Paradox Pokémon closely resemble pre-existing pocket monsters but come with new type combinations and designs and are considered to be unique Pokémon by the Pokédex. These special monsters live in the Great Crater - also known as Area Zero - at the center of the Paldea Region, meaning they become available once players have reached the endgame of Gen 9. Players will need both Pokémon Scarlet and Violet to catch them all because the Paradox Pokémon are split into two version-exclusive groups. The two groups are "Ancient Pokémon" and "Future Pokémon". The Future Pokémon are exclusive to Pokémon Violet , which is reflected in its Legendary Miraidon's cosmic, futuristic design, as well as its purple theme. Related: Every Paradox Pokémon Revealed Before SV's Launch
The Paradox Pokémon Of Pokémon Violet
Image of Pokémon Violet's Paradox Pokémon
Though the Future Paradox Pokémon are technically exclusive to Pokémon Violet , a few of the Pokémon designs they are based on are repeated in Pokémon Scarlet 's Ancient Pokémon. Still, the Paradox Pokémon of Pokémon Violet come with unique appearances and Pokédex entries. Following is a chart of the Future Paradox Pokémon in Pokémon Violet :
Pokémon Name
Pokédex #
Original Pokémon
Typing
Iron Treads
382
Donphan
Ground/Steel
Iron Bundle
383
Delibird
Ice/Water
Iron Hands
384
Hariyama
Fighting/Electric
Iron Jugulis
385
Hydreigon
Dark/Flying
Iron Moth
386
Volcarona
Fire/Poison
Iron Thorns
387
Tyranitar
Rock/Electric
Iron Valiant
398
Gardevoir/Gallade
Fairy/Fighting
Miraidon
400
N/A
Electric/Dragon
The Legendary Miraidon is indeed a Paradox Pokémon. However, that doesn't mean the rest of Pokémon Violet 's Paradox exclusives share its stat total of 670. In fact, the rest of the Paradox Pokémon have base stat totals of 570 except for Iron Valiant and Pokémon Scarlet 's Roaring Moon, who share stat totals of 590. These stats are improvements for most of the original monsters the Paradox Pokémon are based on, but Tyranitar and Hydreigon's Paradox counterparts have lower stat totals than their origins. Iron Treads and Iron Moth are unique among the Future Paradox Pokémon because the original monsters their designs are taken from also inspired Paradox Pokémon in Pokémon Scarlet . Donphan served as the basis for both Pokémon Violet 's Iron Treads and Pokémon Scarlet 's Great Tusk; similarly, Volcarona served as the basis for both Violet 's Iron Moth and Scarlet 's Slither Wing. The other Paradox Pokémon have inspirations unique to themselves.
When it comes to the typing of Pokémon Violet's Paradox monsters, their typings tend to reflect the version's futuristic themes. Miraidon, Iron Thorns, and Iron Hands are Electric-types, and Iron Treads has a Steel-typing in contrast to Great Husk's Fighting-type. Additionally, all Future Paradox Pokémon have the ability Quark Drive, which increases a Pokémon's highest stat by one stage when on Electric Terrain. While this leaves Future Paradox Pokémon vulnerable to Ground types, such design choices emphasize the thematic differences between Pokémon Scarlet and Violet . Next: Pokémon Legends: Arceus Has Created A Porygon Paradox
Gaming
Game Features
Pokémon Scarlet and Violet
Follow
Followed
Like
Share
Facebook
X
WhatsApp
Threads
Bluesky
LinkedIn
Reddit
Flipboard
Copy link
Email
Close
Trending Now
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Just Got Monstrous New Kaiju Forms, And They're Awesome
3 Best Netflix Shows To Watch This Weekend (Mar 6–8)
Pixar's Incredibles 3 Finally Gets A New Release Window
Recommended
GTA 6 Pre-Orders Leak, Hold Onto Your Wallets
Pokémon Scarlet & Violet Final Free DLC Announced As Gen 10 Arrives
Henry Cavill, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Eiza González Become Guy Ritchie's Most Stellar Trio Yet In First Look At New Thriller In The Grey
The Least-Watched Movie In The Star Wars Franchise Is Much Better Than I Remember
Join Our Team
Our Audience
About Us
Press & Events
Review Policy
Media Coverage
Contact Us
Follow Us
Advertising
Careers
Terms
Privacy
Policies
ScreenRant is part of the
Valnet Publishing Group
Copyright © 2026 Valnet Inc.