URL: https://www.ign.com/wikis/pokemon-scarlet-violet/Paradox_Pokemon
STATUS: ok

Paradox Pokemon - Pokemon Scarlet and Violet Guide - IGN Focus Reset Skip to content Find in guide Task Search Checklists Interactive Maps Table of Contents Guide Checklists Maps Task Search Task Search Checklists Guides Markers Videos Sort and Filter No Results Checklists New Checklist All Lists My Checklists All Pokedex Legendaries Victory Road Ominous Stakes Gimmighoul Chests TMs Path of Legends Pokemon League Reps Trainers Gym Leaders Starfall Street Missions Pokedex Pokedex - All Pokemon in Scarlet and Violet Legendaries Legendaries Victory Road Victory Road Ominous Stakes Ominous Stakes Gimmighoul Chests Gimmighoul Chests TMs TMs Path of Legends Path of Legends Pokemon League Reps Pokemon League Reps Trainers Trainers Gym Leaders Gym Leaders Starfall Street Missions Starfall Street Missions All Lists My Checklists How creative can you get with your first free checklist? Create a free account All Interactive Maps and Locations Paradox Pokemon By William Quant ,  Matthew Adler ,  Casey DeFreitas ,  +25 more Updated : Jan 4, 2024 3:46am UTC Paradox Pokemon are prominent new Pokemon introduced in Pokemon Violet and Scarlet. In Scarlet, the Paradox Pokemon are from the past, and in Violet, the paradox Pokemon are from the future. This page shows all Paradox Pokemon forms in both Scarlet and Violet, and the new Paradox Pokemon.
New Paradox Pokemon On February 27, two new Paradox Pokemon were added to Pokemon Violet and Scarlet. They are both available in 5-Star Raids during certain event periods.
As a part of The Indigo Disk DLC , the rest of Walking Wake and Iron Leaves's respective trio partners were added to Pokemon Violet and Scarlet. They are available as part of a late-game sidequest.
Walking Wake Iron Leaves Gouging Fire Iron Boulder Raging Bolt Iron Crown Scarlet Exclusive Violet Exclusive Walking Wake is a Water- and Dragon-type Pokemon that's exclusive to Pokemon Scarlet. Gouging Fire is a Fire- and Dragon-type Pokemon that's exclusive to Pokemon Scarlet Raging Bolt is an Electric- and Dragon-type Pokemon that's exclusive to Pokemon Scarlet Iron Leaves is a Grass- and Psychic-type Pokemon that's exclusive to Pokemon Violet. Iron Boulder is a Rock- and Psychic-type Pokmon that's exclusive to Pokemon Violet Iron Crown is a Steel- and Psychic-type Pokemon that's exclusive to Pokemon Violet Go to their individual pages for more information on how to obtain them.
All Paradox Pokemon Great Tusk Iron Treads "Past" Form "Future" Form Great Tusk and Iron Treads are the first Paradox Pokemon you'll encounter in Pokemon Scarlet and Violet. Which one you'll encounter during the main quest Quaking Earth Titan depends on which version you have. Great Tusk is exclusive to Scarlet, while Iron Treads is exclusive to Violet.
These Pokemon are obtainable at the very end of the game in Area Zero and change depending on whether you have Pokemon Scarlet or Pokemon Violet. These are all of the late-game exclusive Pokemon known as Paradox Pokemon.
Scarlet Exclusives Violet Exclusives
Great Tusk Iron Treads Scream Tail Iron Bundle Brute Bonnet Iron Hands Flutter Mane Iron Jugulis Slither Wing Iron Moth Sandy Shocks Iron Thorns Roaring Moon Iron Valiant Paradox Pokemon Lore The Paradox Pokemon are written about in the Occulture issues found in the library at the academy.
Pokemon Scarlet Book and Occulture Pages View 28 Images Pokemon Violet Book and Occulture Pages View 34 Images Don't miss everything we know about the Pokemon Scarlet and Violet Starters and all 400 new Pokemon in the Scarlet and Violet Pokedex . Up Next: Great Tusk Previous New Pokemon Next Great Tusk Top Guide Sections Pokedex - All Pokemon in Scarlet and Violet Version Differences and Exclusives Walkthrough Things to Do First Was this guide helpful? Leave feedback In This Guide Pokemon Scarlet Game Freak Initial Release: Nov 18, 2022 Learn more Go to comments IGN Logo News • Reviews • Game Guides • Book Guides • How to Watch Guides • LEGO Set Reviews • Board Game Reviews • Planet Pokemon • IGN Store • Game Release Dates • Map Genie • Best Deals Today • Eurogamer • IGN YouTube • HowLongToBeat • Maxroll • VG247 • Rock Paper Shotgun • IGN TikTok • IGN on X • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use