URL: https://www.ign.com/wikis/pokemon-legends-z-a/New_Mega_Pokemon_in_Legends_Z-A
STATUS: ok

New Mega Pokemon in Legends Z-A - Pokemon Legends: Z-A Guide - IGN Focus Reset Skip to content Find in guide Task Search Checklists Interactive Map Table of Contents Guide Checklists Maps Task Search Task Search Checklists Guides Markers Videos Sort and Filter No Results Checklists New Checklist All Lists My Checklists All Pokemon Story Completion Locations Collectibles Cosmetics Pokemon Pokedex A-Z Pokemon Mega Evolution Pokemon Pokemon Alpha Pokemon Story Completion Main Missions Story Completion Side Missions Locations Wild Zones Pokemon DLC Mega Pokemon Pokemon Mega Dimension Pokedex Collectibles Colorful Screws Collectibles Hair and Eye Colors Collectibles Mystery Gift Codes and Rewards Story Completion Promotional Matches Collectibles TMs Pokemon Flabebes Collectibles Mega Stones Cosmetics Clothing Collectibles Canari Plushes All Lists My Checklists How creative can you get with your first free checklist? Create a free account All Interactive Maps and Locations New Mega Pokemon in Legends Z-A By Cody Perez ,  Brandon Rad ,  Zack ,  +16 more Updated : Dec 20, 2025 3:08am UTC Mega Evolution has made a comeback in Pokémon Legends: Z-A , and for the first time in years, new Mega Pokémon are coming with it! This page acts as a comprehensive list of all the New Mega Evolutions in the base game of Pokémon Legends: Z-A, so you can plan your Pokedex accordingly! If you want to see all of the new DLC Mega Evolutions in Mega Dimension, don’t miss out on that as well.
But the Key Stone is only half of the puzzle. Each Pokemon requires their own unique Mega Stone to Mega Evolve. Many of these can be purchased, but you can also earn some throughout your adventure.
Check out our Mega Stone guide to track down any Mega Stone you need! In addition, Mega Evolution transformations are only temporarily usable in battles, instead of lasting the entire battle like in previous games. There is a Mega Evolution gauge that will go down over time as the Pokemon is in its super-powered form. Keep running around the arena and picking up the Mega Orbs that the enemy Pokemon releases to stay powered up for as long as possible!
Mega Absol Z Mega Crabominable Mega Staraptor Mega Golisopod Mega Meowstic Mega Golurk Mega Glimmora Mega Scovillain Mega Tatsugiri Mega Chimecho Mega Raichu X Mega Raichu Y Mega Heatran Mega Darkrai Mega Baxcalibur Mega Lucario Z Mega Zeraora Mega Magearna Mega Garchomp Z Click through the slideshow to see all the new Mega Pokemon and screenshots of them in action, or click on a links above to jump to more detailed information about that Mega-Evolved Pokemon.
This certainly paints Mega Malamar as an even more terrifying version of the original. While abilities aren’t available in Pokemon Legends Z-A, it appears you can still Pokemon to sleep quite easily and often with Mega Malamar on your team using its moveset.
HP : 78 Attack : 137 Special Attack : 74 Defense : 100 Special Defense : 93 Speed : 118 Hawlucha retains its excellent and unique Fighting and Flying-types after Mega Evolution, gets a little bit taller, a little bit heavier, and dons a cool new black-and-gold luchador outfit. The Pokémon Company International is even hosting special exhibition matches in Mexico City with top lucha libre wrestlers in Mega Hawlucha's honor! Hawlucha gets a massive upgrade to its wrestling attire when it Mega Evolves, gaining a whole new mask and shoulder pads to match. Thankfully, it still keeps the large green wings that make Hawlucha so iconic. But Hawlucha doesn't just look cooler when it Mega Evolves; it also gains a massive power boost.
Victreebel requires a Victreebelite Stone to Mega Evolve. You can get one for yourself by defeating the Rogue Mega Victreebel in Main Mission 13! Mega Dragonite Category
Mega Dragonite Dragonite requires a Dragoninite to Mega Evolve. Defeat Rogue Mega Dragonite in Mission 32 to get your hands on yours! Mega Drampa Category
Mega Drampa Drampa requires a Drampanite Stone to Mega Evolve. You can get a Drampanite from Quasartico Mega Shard Exchange for 360 Mega Shards! Mega Falinks Category
Mega Falinks Falinks requires the Falinksite Stone to Mega Evolve. You can get your hands on the Falinksite Stone during Mission 20, where you can purchase one from Quasartico Mega Shard Exchange for 240 Mega Shards. Mega Chandelure Category
Mega Chandelure Chandelure requires the Chandeleurite Stone to Mega Evolve. These can be purchased from the Quasartico Mega Shard Exchange for 360 Mega Shards during Mission 20! Mega Eelektross Category
HP : 85 Attack : 145 Special Attack : 135 Defense : 80 Special Defense : 90 Speed : 80 The usually fluid Eelektross gains a far more structured look when it Mega Evolves, almost emulating a Dragopult in the way that it looks like a rigid fighter-style machine. Its two arms rise up to look like cannons and take on a much lighter color. It's very intimidating indeed! Mega Eelektross is one of the only Mega Evolutions to only have one type in Legends: Z-A, but it is still well worth adding one to your Pokedex.
Mega Eelektross Eelektross requires an Eelektrossite Stone to Mega Evolve. You can get an Eelektrossite from Quasartico Mega Shard Exchange for 240 Mega Shards after completing Main Mission 15! Mega Excadrill Category
Mega Excadrill Excadrill requires an Excadrite Stone to Mega Evolve. You can get an Excadrite Stone from Quasartico Mega Shard Exchange for 360 Mega Shards after completing Mission 15. Mega Emboar Category
Mega Emboar Emboar requires a Emboarite Stone to Mega Evolve. You can get your hands on an Emboarite Stone during Mission 10. Mega Clefable Category
HP : 85 Attack : 160 Special Attack : 89 Defense : 125 Special Defense : 93 Speed : 78 Feraligatr is the final evolution of Totodile, one of the starter Pokémon in Pokémon Legends: Z-A. Feraligatr doesn't undergo quite as much of a change as some other Pokémon do when they Mega Evolve, but it does develop a massive, red, tail-like appendage that can be used to both intimidate and attack foes.
HP : 65 Attack : 130 Special Attack : 55 Defense : 135 Special Defense : 135 Speed : 68 Mega Scrafty may not look quite as intimidating as Mega Scolipede, for example, but it is certainly very cute. Scrafty wears a baggy tracksuit that seriously needs a belt. Once Mega Evolved, Scrafty gets a white tracksuit that appears to fit much better. The pants are still a little loose, but at least it can put its hands in its pockets now instead of having to constantly use them to hold its pants up.
HP : 216 Attack : 70 Special Attack : 216 Defense : 91 Special Defense : 85 Speed : 100 Zygarde can take on various appearances, but its Mega Evolution is one of the biggest. Mega Zygarde hangs from what appears to be a massive bomb or blimp of some kind. Other than that, it has a more bipedal form and still exhibits the iconic green coloring that all Zygarde forms share.
Pokedex (List of Pokemon) Alpha Pokemon Locations New Mega Pokemon in Legends Z-A How to Shiny Hunt (Shiny Pokemon Guide) Up Next: Mega Greninja Previous Jumbo Variety Pumpkaboo - Side Mission 98 Walkthrough Next Mega Greninja Top Guide Sections Pokedex (List of Pokemon) Battle System Explained and Battle Tips Walkthrough - Main Missions List Side Missions List and Rewards Was this guide helpful? Leave feedback In This Guide Pokemon Legends: Z-A Game Freak Initial Release: Oct 16, 2025 Learn more Go to comments IGN Logo News • Reviews • Game Guides • Book Guides • How to Watch Guides • LEGO Set Reviews • Board Game Reviews • Planet Pokemon • IGN Store • Game Release Dates • Map Genie • Best Deals Today • Eurogamer • IGN YouTube • HowLongToBeat • Maxroll • VG247 • Rock Paper Shotgun • IGN TikTok • IGN on X • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use