URL: https://www.digitalspy.com/tech/a70544719/pokemon-winds-and-waves-gen-10-starters/
STATUS: ok

Pokémon Winds and Waves announced, and fans are already obsessed with Gen 10 starters Search Latest News TV Movies Soaps Streaming Guide All Videos Newsletter Forums Follow Cookies Policy Privacy Notice Terms Of Use Skip to Content TV Movies Soaps Tech News Streaming Guide Forums Newsletter UK film release dates Alison Hammond outfits Home and Away spoilers How to watch Hamnet at home Best streaming services Tech Pokemon Pokémon Winds and Waves announced, and fans are already obsessed with Gen 10 starters Pokémon Winds and Waves announced, and fans are already obsessed with Gen 10 starters Which one are you choosing first? By Joe Anderton Published: 28 February 2026 Pokémon celebrated 30 years to the day since the first games released with the official announcement of Generation 10. The games Pokemon Winds and Waves will be releasing next year as Nintendo Switch 2 exclusives, continuing the open world formula in a new island region based on Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines. As the names imply, you'll be able to take to the skies and go underwater, while the graphics are both a big step and a lot more stable than recent Pokémon releases. But that's not what has got fans talking. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the conversation has been dominated by the three new starter Pokémon. This time around we've got the fire-type Pombon, which looks to be based on the Pomeranian dog breed; the water-type Gecqua, obviously based on a gecko; and the grass-type starter Browt, which is apparently a combination of a bird chick and a bean sprout, but also looks like it could easily evolve into a certain Digimon . We don't know what kind of big beasties these starters will eventually turn into, but fans are having fun imagining which ones they'll pick to start their adventures off with. Nintendo / The Pokémon Company Nintendo / The Pokémon Company Related: Best streaming services What to Read Next On Reddit , people have been comparing Browt to one of the Angry Birds, while Gecqua has been compared to Pokémon Generation 8 starter Sobble and 1990s platforming mascot character Gex. Across social media, there have been dozens upon dozens upon dozens on memes and pieces of fan art, and while we're not going to count every single post out there, it seems like Pombon might be the most popular at the moment. People do love dogs after all. Some of our favourite posts include fan art of taking Pombon for a walk , referencing the excellent Capcom game Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective and its own super-powered Pomeranian, Missile, plus Pombon evolving into a beefy bipedal , being inserted into a classic Brooklyn Nine-Nine meme , and just being a super-cute doggo . Fan art for Browt have either ran with the 'bird who is angry' thing or leaned into its derpy nature , while one person has already made a plush of the li'l grassy chick . Gecqua fan art has focused on its big eyes . Nintendo / The Pokémon Company Nintendo / The Pokémon Company Nintendo / The Pokémon Company Related: LEGO reveals first Pokémon sets including 2,050-piece Pikachu There's also great pieces of artwork featuring all three starters , while one fan has even made pixel art showing what the trio would look like in the Generation 5 games. It looks like these are the only Generation 10 Pokémon that are getting revealed any time soon, although we did get introduced to Mr Windychu and Ms Wavychu, two new costumed Pikachu who look like they are shiny (or maybe just tanned). Pokémon Winds and Waves will release in 2027 on Nintendo Switch 2. The new edition of Living Legends , a 100-page all-colour celebration of Taylor Swift, is here! Buy Taylor in newsagents or online , priced at just £8.99. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Pokemon LEGO's first Pokémon sets include 2,050-piece Pikachu Here's 5 great movies on TV this weekend Pokémon Legends: Z-A starters are confusing fans Pokémon star Rachael Lillis dies aged 55 Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Pokémon card deals during Amazon Spring Deal Days Pokémon's next major game announced Netflix's Pokémon Concierge confirms new episodes Pokémon Company breaks silence over Palworld Pokémon Scarlet/Violet epilogue confirmed for DLC Netflix's Pokémon series confirms release date New Pokémon series to air on BBC iPlayer in the UK Amazon adds LEGO and Barbie to top Xmas toys list Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Features Exclusives US TV Reality TV Soaps Spoilers Coronation Street EastEnders Emmerdale Home and Away Hollyoaks Casualty Neighbours Waterloo Road Gaming Showbiz LGBTQ+ Spy Star Wars Marvel Doctor Who Netflix Disney+ Apple TV+ Prime Video NOW DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article. ©2026 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved. RSS About & Contact Details Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Complaints Sitemap Advertising Cookies Choices