URL: https://www.ign.com/wikis/pokemon-winds-pokemon-waves/Pombon
STATUS: ok

Pombon - Pokemon Winds and Pokemon Waves Guide - IGN Focus Reset Skip to content Find in guide Task Search Checklists Game Info Table of Contents Guide Checklists Task Search Task Search Checklists Guides Markers Videos Sort and Filter No Results Checklists New Checklist All Lists My Checklists All All Lists My Checklists How creative can you get with your first free checklist? Create a free account Pombon By Casey DeFreitas ,  +1 more Posted : Feb 27, 2026 4:52pm UTC Pombon is the Fire-type Pokemon Winds and Waves Starter Pokemon. Pombon's name seems to be inspired directly by its real-world origin, the Pomeranian, and "bon" from perhaps bonfire.
Pombon
Category
Puppy Pokemon
Type
Fire Ability
Blaze
Height
1'4"
Weight
14.7 lbs.
The bonfire inspiration could be a bit unsettling considering bonfire's literal meaning is "fire of bones." Pomeranians are a small, fluffy breed of dog in the Toy group that descended from northern Spitz-type dogs.
From the official website: " The area below its throat glows faintly from the heat-generating organ within its lungs. This Pokémon is guileless and friendly." All Pokemon Winds and Waves Starters Images from the official Pokemon website . Browt - The Grass-type Bean Chick Pokemon Pombon - The Fire-type Puppy Pokemon Gecqua - The Water-type Water Gecko Pokemon Up Next: Gecqua Previous Browt Next Gecqua Top Guide Sections All Pokemon in Winds and Waves Confirmed So Far Winds and Waves Starter Pokemon Was this guide helpful? Leave feedback In This Guide Pokemon Waves Game Freak Initial Release: TBA 2027 Learn more Go to comments IGN Logo News • Reviews • Game Guides • Book Guides • How to Watch Guides • LEGO Set Reviews • Board Game Reviews • Planet Pokemon • IGN Store • Game Release Dates • Map Genie • Best Deals Today • Eurogamer • IGN YouTube • HowLongToBeat • Maxroll • VG247 • Rock Paper Shotgun • IGN TikTok • IGN on X • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use