URL: https://www.gamesradar.com/games/pokemon-winds-and-waves-guide/
STATUS: ok

Open menu
Games Guides
Big Screen Spotlight
Buying Guides
Quizzes
How to watch Pokemon in order: a complete guide to the TV show and movies
From the creators of Edge: A weekly videogame industry newsletter with analysis from expert writers, guidance from professionals, and insight into what's on the horizon.
(Image credit: The Pokemon Company) Pokemon Winds and Waves will be a Nintendo Switch 2 exclusive. This choice does make sense and again follows past patterns in the series. I can still remember Pokemon Sun and Moon being a 3DS game while I had my regular old DS still in hand. When a new Ninty console drops, a new Pokemon exclusive tends to come with it. If you want to know more about other upcoming Switch 2 games , we have a handy guide for you. And if you are still on the OG Switch, there are still a handful of upcoming Switch games for you to check out as well. Sign up to the GamesRadar+ Newsletter Weekly digests, tales from the communities you love, and more Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. Pokemon Winds and Waves trailer
(Image credit: The Pokemon Company) While a lot of gameplay details for Pokemon Winds and Waves are still under wraps, it looks like the classic Pokemon battling system is back in place. As with previous games, you'll start with a starter Pokemon that is either a grass, fire or water type and will have to go out into the world in order to battle and catch other Pokemon in order to build your team up. Interestingly, the official Pokemon website mentions that: "you'll be able to team up with all kinds of Pokémon to overcome both the difficult road ahead and even the forces of nature that block your path at times", which suggests we could see environmental blockades which have also popped up in past games. If they'll differ to play in the Waves and Waves respective titles remains to be seen, but it would make sense. From what we've seen so far, it's unclear if Pokemon Winds and Waves will have real-time battles like Pokemon Legends: Z-A. or if we'll be going back to classic turn-based affairs. We do know that the next games will be open world . Given the Switch 2's hardware, an open world experience is very doable, and is something that I personally loved about Pokemon Scarlet and Violet. So, yeah, I'm very pleased about this news.
(Image credit: The Pokemon Company) Thanks to the recent Pokemon Presents trailer, we did get to see the new starters for Pokemon Winds and Waves and they are extremely cute. The grass type starter is a bird called Browt , the fire type starter is a cute like puppy called Pombon , and finally, the water starter looks to be a snazzy reptile called Gecqua . We didn't get to see much of their abilities or evolutions during the teaser, so stay tuned as we keep an eye out for more details on our new partners. In the meantime, you can check out our Pokemon Winds and Waves starters guide for a closer look at the adorable trio. We also have a guide on Pokemon Winds and Waves Pokedex , which lists all of the confirmed Pokemon coming to the game as well. Just in case you wanted to start planning your team now. Pokemon Winds and Waves leaks
(Image credit: Nintendo) While the recent trailer shown during the February Pokemon Presents showcase did give us a look at the games, it didn't explicitly mention where the games are set, no name given for the new region. But taking previous supposed leaks into account and also piecing together all the different locations we saw, we are pretty sure that the region is based on Southeast Asia. The tropical climate seen in the trailer, paired with the mountain areas, active volcano shots, jungle areas and architecture that's reminiscent of Singapore all point to our hunch being correct. We will keep you posted as we wait for firm confirmations. But, if you want more information on whether past areas will make an appearance, or a deeper analysis on what we've seen from the trailer already, we have a Pokemon Winds and Waves region guide that dives into the nitty-gritty. For more, check out our ranking of the best Pokemon games of all time.
Emma-Jane Betts Social Links Navigation Managing Editor, Evergreens After reviewing films throughout University and being a cosy game expert for years, I realised that entertainment journalism was my true calling in 2019. Since then, I've started multiple new farms on Stardew Valley and have written for several publications such as The Upcoming, PCGamesN, and Wargamer. I was the resident Guides Editor and horror lover for The Digital Fix before joining the GamesRadar+ team in 2024. As the Managing Editor for Evergreens, I'll be making sure that all the best lists you read on GamesRadar+ are the most helpful and fun pages on the internet!
OG Pokemon devs struggled to fit their iconic RPG onto a Game Boy cartridge: "It was a fight against capacity"
Review guidelines