URL: https://www.ign.com/wikis/pokemon-sword-shield/List_of_Every_Gigantamax_Pokemon
STATUS: ok

List of Every Gigantamax Pokemon - Pokemon Sword and Shield Guide - IGN Focus Reset Skip to content Find in guide Task Search Checklists Interactive Map Table of Contents Guide Checklists Maps Task Search Task Search Checklists Guides Markers Videos Sort and Filter No Results Checklists New Checklist All Lists My Checklists All Pokemon Gyms Collectibles TRs Pokemon Pokedex Pokemon The Isle of Armor/The Crown Tundra Pokemon Pokemon Legendary Pokemon Pokemon Galarian Pokemon Pokemon Gigantamax Pokemon Gyms Gyms Collectibles Side Quests Collectibles Post-Game Activities TRs TRs All Lists My Checklists How creative can you get with your first free checklist? Create a free account All Interactive Maps and Locations Pokemon Sword and Shield - Pokemon Locations Map List of Every Gigantamax Pokemon By Tiziano Lento ,  Janet Garcia ,  Michael Koczwara ,  +151 more Updated : Mar 25, 2025 5:52am UTC This page is part of IGN's Pokemon Sword and Shield Wiki guide and details everything you need to know about Gigantamax Pokemon. In order to Gigantamax a Pokemon, you'll need to ensure it has the ability to do so, as only certain species in Pokemon Sword and Shield can Gigantamax. Not only does Gigantamax enhance a Pokemon's size like Dynamaxing , but it also changes its appearance entirely, too. This is a list of every Gigantamax Pokemon, complete with G-Max Move information and more.
See How to Get Gigantamax Pokemon for specific details on where to find these Pokemon . Gigantamax Pokemon in Sword and Shield View 20 Images Click through the slideshow above to see screenshots of every Gigantamax Pokemon in action.
Gigantamax Meowth Gigantamax Corviknight Gigantamax Corviknight G-Max Move: G-Max Wind Rage All Flying -type attacks used by a Gigantamax Corviknight automatically change into ' G-Max Wind Rage . This Flying -type attack damages the opponent and removes effects life any Terrain, Spikes, Reflect, Light Screen, etc.
How to Get Gigantamax Urshifu After completing unknown requirements in The Isle of Armor expansion , you'll be able to evolve the legendary Pokemon Kubfu into Urshifu. It can then Gigantamax. The form it takes while Gigantamaxed depends on the form you chose for Ushifu.
Gigantamax Blastoise Up Next: Transferable Pokemon List Previous List of Galarian Form Pokemon Next Transferable Pokemon List Top Guide Sections List of Pokemon (Pokedex) Pokemon Sword and Shield Version Differences and Exclusives Pokemon HOME Walkthrough Was this guide helpful? Leave feedback In This Guide Pokemon Sword Game Freak Initial Release: Nov 15, 2019 Learn more Go to comments IGN Logo News • Reviews • Game Guides • Book Guides • How to Watch Guides • LEGO Set Reviews • Board Game Reviews • Planet Pokemon • IGN Store • Game Release Dates • Map Genie • Best Deals Today • Eurogamer • IGN YouTube • HowLongToBeat • Maxroll • VG247 • Rock Paper Shotgun • IGN TikTok • IGN on X • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Terms of Use